Updated the readme to add new public error method to vastTracker API doc (#383)
dailymotion/vast-client-js: docs/api/vast-tracker.md

## Public Methods 💚 <a name="methods"></a>

### error(macros, isCustomCode)

Send a request to the URI provided by the VAST <Error> element. `macros` is an optional Object containing macros and their values to be used and replaced in the tracking calls.

> Pass `isCustomCode` as true in order to use any value, `isCustomCode` and its value are related to the[ERRORCODE] macro. If no [ERRORCODE] macro is provided, `isCustomCode`, has no purpose. If false or no value is passed, the macro will be replaced using `errorCode` only if the code is a number between 100 and 999 (see <https://gist.github.com/rhumlover/5747417>). Otherwise 900 will be used.

Reviewer: errorCode is not a parameter of this method, WDYT about this suggestion ? 
```suggestion
Pass `isCustomCode` as true only if you want to use a custom code for the `[ERRORCODE]` macro. If false, and a value is provided for `[ERRORCODE]` macro the macro will be replaced in the tracking call only if the code is a number between 100 and 999 (see <https://gist.github.com/rhumlover/5747417>). Otherwise 900 will be used.
```

Reviewer 2: This change is still missing, right ?

#### Parameters

- **`macros : Object `** - An optional Object containing macros and their values to be used and replaced in the tracking calls.
- **`isCustomCode: Boolean`** - Flag to allow custom values on error code.

#### Example

```Javascript
const customCode = '405';

const macrosParam = {
  CONTENTURI: 'https://mycontentserver.com/video.mp4',
  ERRORCODE : customCode 
}

// Bind error listener to the player
player.on('error', () => {
  vastTracker.error(macrosParam);
});
```

> ### errorWithCode(errorCode, isCustomCode) : ⚠️ This method is deprecated in favor of the [error method](https://github.com/dailymotion/vast-client-js/blob/2137a42572da69b1b10b4bbbc30a05dbcceb9083/docs/api/vast-tracker.md#errormacros-iscustomcode)

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link (ex: <a name="error"></a>) to the error(macros, isCustomCode) method and use it here as [error method](#error) to be more future proof ?

## Public Methods 💚 <a name="methods"></a>

### error(macros, isCustomCode)

Send a request to the URI provided by the VAST <Error> element. `macros` is an optional Object containing macros and their values to be used and replaced in the tracking calls.
Pass `isCustomCode` as true in order to use any value. If false or no value is passed, the macro will be replaced using `errorCode` only if the code is a number between 100 and 999 (see <https://gist.github.com/rhumlover/5747417>). Otherwise 900 will be used.

#### Parameters

- **`macros : Object `** - An optional Object containing macros and their values to be used and replaced in the tracking calls.
- **`isCustomCode: Boolean`** - Flag to allow custom values on error code.

#### Example

```Javascript
const MEDIAFILE_PLAYBACK_ERROR = '405';

// Bind error listener to the player
player.on('error', () => {
  vastTracker.error(MEDIAFILE_PLAYBACK_ERROR);
});
```

> ### errorWithCode(errorCode, isCustomCode) : this method is deprecated in favor of the error method

Reviewer: Actually, we could simplify the link to `[error method](#errormacros-iscustomcode)` IMO it's better to link the current file rather than a frozen version of a commit and more future-proof
